gh-90953: Emit deprecation warnings for `ast` features deprecated in Python 3.8 (#104199)
python/cpython: Doc/whatsnew/3.12.rst

  :keyword:`for`, :keyword:`if`, :keyword:`in`, :keyword:`is` and :keyword:`or`.
  In a future release it will be changed to a syntax error. (:gh:`87999`)

* The following :mod:`ast` features have been deprecated in documentation since
  Python 3.8, now cause a :exc:`DeprecationWarning` to be emitted at runtime

>   when they are accessed or used, and may be removed in a future version of Python:

Author: We could also just set 3.14 as the removal date. @isidentical do you have any thoughts on that?

Reviewer: 👍 

Setting an explicit removal version gives people a concrete timetable, rather than ignoring the warnings and being surprised when it's actually removed.

>   when they are accessed or used, and may be removed in a future version of Python:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  when they are accessed or used, and will be removed in Python 3.14.
```

  * :class:`!ast.Num`
  * :class:`!ast.Str`
  * :class:`!ast.Bytes`
  * :class:`!ast.NameConstant`
  * :class:`!ast.Ellipsis`

  Use :class:`ast.Constant` instead.

>   (Contributed by Serhiy Storchaka in :gh:`90953`.)

Reviewer: If you like:

```suggestion
  (Contributed by Serhiy Storchaka and Alex Waygood in :gh:`90953`.)
```

Author: I don't feel like I deserve this much credit; Serhiy did the vast majority of the work here :)
